hi guys so today I want to take a look
here at some real racing 3 on a day fat
display here from my iPhone 5s
you know this will look
a lot of things I want to change here
divorce after play this game like I want
to change the controls
see here if I can get access to D
controls
there we go I'm going to go into music
and now we'll change controls as well
so to control some pretty awesome game
because I can have a steering wheel on
the whole play
the graphics could definitely be better
but this is a problem with iPhone for me
it's a little bit low in terms of
resolution
pretty cool you can place like this
you kind of forget that you play on
iphone after a while
yeah until test here hopefully they
enjoy so quickly